[IMP] Administration: Update outdated info & screenshots (#7820)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/on_premise.rst

  If that is the case, manually change the database(s) UUID or `send a support ticket
  <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

- As the update notification must be able to reach Odoo's subscription validation servers, ensure
  your **network and firewall settings** allow the Odoo server to open outgoing connections
  towards:

  - `services.odoo.com` on port `443` (or `80`)
  - for older deployments, `services.openerp.com` on port `443` (or `80`)

  These ports must be kept open even after registering a database, as the update notification runs
  once a week.

Too many users error
--------------------

If you have more users in a local database than provisioned in your Odoo Enterprise subscription,
the following message should be displayed.

.. image:: on_premise/add-more-users.png
   :alt: Too many users on a database error message

When the message appears, you have 30 days to act before the database expires. The countdown is
updated every day.

To resolve the issue, either:

- **Add more users** to your subscription by clicking the :guilabel:`Upgrade your subscription` link
  displayed in the message to validate the upsell quotation and pay for the extra users.

> - :ref:`Deactivate users <users/deactivate>` and **reject** the upsell quotation.

Reviewer: Add important admonition block:

If the subscription is on a monthly subscription plan, the database will automatically update to reflect the added user. If it is on a yearly or multi-year subscription an expiration banner will appear in the DB. The customer can create the upsell quote themselves by clicking the banner to update the subscription or a Customer Service Manager can send the upsell quote.

Reviewer: @xpl-odoo 
I can make this change if need be as well :+1: 

Thanks, Tim

  <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

- As the update notification must be able to reach Odoo's subscription validation servers, ensure
  your **network and firewall settings** allow the Odoo server to open outgoing connections
  towards:

  - `services.odoo.com` on port `443` (or `80`)
  - for older deployments, `services.openerp.com` on port `443` (or `80`)

  These ports must be kept open even after registering a database, as the update notification runs
  once a week.

Too many users error
--------------------

If you have more users in a local database than provisioned in your Odoo Enterprise subscription,
the following message should be displayed.

.. image:: on_premise/add-more-users.png
   :alt: Too many users on a database error message

When the message appears, you have 30 days to act before the database expires. The countdown is
updated every day.

To resolve the issue, either:

- **Add more users** to your subscription by clicking the :guilabel:`Upgrade your subscription` link
  displayed in the message to validate the upsell quotation and pay for the extra users.
- :ref:`Deactivate users <users/deactivate>` and **reject** the upsell quotation.

.. important::

>    If the subscription is on a monthly subscription plan, the database will automatically update to
>    reflect the added user. If it is on a yearly or multi-year subscription, an expiration banner
>    will appear in the database. The Odoo customer can create the upsell quote themselves by clicking
>    the banner to update the subscription or a Customer Service Manager can help resolve the issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you are on a monthly subscription plan, the database will automatically update to reflect the
   added user(s). If you are on a yearly or multi-year plan, an expiration banner will appear in the
   database. You can create the upsell quotation by clicking the banner to update the subscription
   or `send a support ticket <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ to resolve the issue.
```
Suggestion to keep the style consistent. Not using you/your (except in headings) isn't part of the official guidelines, so we don't enforce it.
